Hey,
guys,
Welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to discuss the follow hyperlink event so the four low hyperlink event gets
triggered whenever you click on a hyperlink in your worksheet.
Okay,
so I'm gonna click create a hyperlink.
Okay.
I'm just going to write,
http.
Ah,
and then Colon and then slash less google dot com here.
Okay?
And this is a hyper link.
If you click on it,
you're gonna go to google dot com.
Okay,
so let's check that event.
So I'm just going to right click here on my follow hyperlink worksheet,
click on view code and then click on worksheet.
And then we're gonna click here on follow hyperlink.
I'm just going to remove here the selection change event because we don't need it.
And then I'm just gonna have a message box.
Okay?
So message box,
you are going to you are going to and then a space here,
then an m percent.
Because here there is a target parameter,
So the target refers to the hyperlink.
It's a hyperlink object.
Okay,
not a range object.
It's a hyperlink object.
So target.
Ah,
address.
Okay,
So when it's property of its properties is basically the address property.
So if you click on the link,
you can see her that we're actually gonna go to google dot com.
Plus,
we're gonna have a message box.
Okay,
so we've had a message box,
and we've got into google dot com.
So that's basically what it does.
It just contributor any code whenever you click on a link on your worksheet,
Okay.
You could also play with other properties for the links.
I can actually change the name of the Hlinka can right click here and click on edit
hyperlink and just change its name.
Maybe make it more friendly.
So go to Google,
for example.
Okay.
And then I'm can right click here,
go to view code,
go to Mali code and then message box.
I can just view the text for the link.
Okay,
so target dot name target.
Our name is basically the name of the link.
There are other properties and methods.
You can feel free to explore them.
Ah,
google them.
Check them on a misty on dot com,
but these air the most Ah,
used ones.
Okay.
And I'm just gonna click here on the link and you're also gonna go to Google and you're
gonna have a message box that says go to Google.
Okay,
so that's basically the follow hyperlink event.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video,
guys.
I'll see on the next one.